Enhance README (#2)
near-examples/near-sdk-js-quickstart: README.md

<center>
    <img src="frontend/assets/img/near_logo_stack_wht.png" width="120" />
</center>

# NEAR-SDK-JS Quick Start

> > This example is designed to get you quickly writing and interacting with smart contracts on the NEAR blockchain using JavaScript! 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This example is designed to quickly get you writing and interacting with smart contracts on the NEAR blockchain using JavaScript! 🚀
```

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/near-examples/near-sdk-js-quickstart)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Exploring the Code](#exploring-the-code)
  - [Smart Contract](#smart-contract)

>   - [Front end](#front-end)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Front end](#frontend)
```

- [Example Game](#example-game)

> - [Help](#help)

Reviewer: Swap help and feedback (feedback comes before help in the readme)

- [Feedback](#feedback)

---

## Requirements

- [Node.js & npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)
- [near-cli](https://docs.near.org/docs/tools/near-cli) `v3.1.1` or greater

```bash

> npm i -g near-cli

Reviewer: I would mention that they need the most up-to-date version of the CLI otherwise the new commands won't be able to run.

> npm i -g near-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install -g near-cli
```

```

---

## Quick Start

1. Install dependencies

```bash

> npm i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install
```

```

2. Launch dApp! 🚀

```bash
npm run start
```

> This script performs the following:
>
> - Compiles smart contract located in `./src/index.js` and exports to `./build/contract.base64`

> > - Creates a NEAR [`dev-account`](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/account#dev-accounts) with 200 Ⓝ `testnet` tokens. _(If it doesn't already exist)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Creates a NEAR [`dev-account`](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/account#dev-accounts) with 200 Ⓝ `testnet` tokens.
```

> - Deploys the compiled smart contract to the `dev-account` on NEAR's [`testnet`](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/networks#testnet)
> - Launches a local front-end that is connected to the smart contract (dApp)

---

## Exploring the code

```bash
.
├── frontend
│   ├── App.js

> │   ├── assets

Reviewer: This hierarchy isn't the same as the one outlined in the frontend section

Author: Hmmmm... I don't see the diffrence.

│   ├── index.html
│   ├── index.js
│   └── utils
├── src
│   └── index.js  <------[ Smart Contract ]
├── babel.config.json
├── LICENSE
├── package.json
└── README.md

```

## Smart Contract

> As illustrated above, the [smart contract](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract) is located in `./src/index.js`.

Here you will see a few dependencies imported from `near-sdk-js` that is used for the creation of a smart contract.

- `NearBindgen`

>   - This decorator allows the JS code to be compiled to WebAssembly; a format that is compatible with the NEAR blockchain.

Reviewer: This is incorrect

- `NearContract`
  - A constructing class for creating smart contracts in the proper format
- `call`

>   - A decorator that indicates a `change` method or a function that changes state on the blockchain. Note that change methods cost gas. For more information see our [documentation on gas](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/gas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A decorator that indicates a `change` method or a function that changes state on the blockchain. Note that change methods cost gas and must be signed. For more information see our [documentation on gas](https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/gas).
```

- `view`

>   - A decorator that indicates a `view` method or a function that returns values stored on the blockchain. View calls are free and do not cost gas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A decorator that indicates a `view` method or a function that returns values stored on the blockchain. View calls are free and an account isn't needed to execute them.
```

<center>
    <img src="frontend/assets/img/near_logo_stack_wht.png" width="120" />
</center>

# NEAR-SDK-JS Quick Start

> This example is designed to quickly get you writing and interacting with smart contracts on the NEAR blockchain using JavaScript! 🚀

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/near-examples/near-sdk-js-quickstart)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Exploring the Code](#exploring-the-code)
  - [Smart Contract](#smart-contract)
  - [Front end](#front-end)
- [Example Game](#example-game)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
- [Help](#help)

---

## Requirements

> - [Node.js & npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)

Author: Thanks so much for the review @mpeterdev ! Will update to use LTS
